so all the women especially they just
love me
BBC BBC I love you know so show me what
you can do with your hips go on and roll
them well shake them about the light
show me
I like positive thinking all the way
from America for you
it was well worth it obviously I wasn't
your last year hello my love I write
down my wife the first time no I'm
single but I don't know things are gonna
happen if that's what saying run myself
into you I'm obviously not wait an awful
on the moment so I'm not sure we go from
here we factor affecting initially I did
honestly miss
you might think there's nothing private
about rolling look that way
got that I'm not leading with the heel
are you arguing with the professor here
yeah I am we are doing heel needs
okay good meantime yes dancing outfit
don't work we didn't do this old life
you know the steps unit don't stop very
gentle